DOCS Clearer create module instructions (#9365)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/02_Developer_Guides/05_Extending/00_Modules.md

framework.

A module is a collection of classes, templates, and other resources that is loaded into a directory.
Modules are [Composer packages](https://getcomposer.org/), and are placed in the `vendor/` folder.

> This folder needs to contain either a toplevel `_config` directory or `_config.php` file,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These packages need to contain either a toplevel `_config` directory or `_config.php` file,
```
